JUDY WOODRUFF: Russia is denying
that it tried to hack U.S.
voting computer software and
equipment before last year's
presidential election.
The online magazine
The Intercept reported
the allegation, based
on a National Security
Agency document.
A Kremlin spokesman dismissed
it today, saying - - quote --
"This assertion has absolutely
nothing to do with reality."
In Washington, the U.S.
secretary of homeland
security, John Kelly,
was asked about it at
a Senate hearing.
SEN.
CLAIRE MCCASKILL (D),
Missouri: Are you deferring
the investigation of
this to the FBI, or is
the department actually actively
engaged in investigating
the penetration or attempts
to penetrate the voter files in
this country immediately before
the election by the Russian
government?
JOHN KELLY, U.S. Homeland
Security Secretary:
I share your concern.
I don't disagree with anything
you said relative to the
sanctity of our voting process.
Clearly, it's an interagency
-- it should be an
interagency investigation.
And that is taking place.
DHS will be part of that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The
ranking Democrat on
the Senate Intelligence
Committee, Virginia's
Mark Warner, told USA Today
that the Russian cyber-attacks
were even more extensive.
But he said he doesn't think
that actual votes were changed.
And Reality Winner, the Georgia
woman charged, apparently, with
leaking the NSA report, remained
in jail.
Her mother called her a patriot.
President Trump today waded into
the political conflict over the
Persian Gulf nation of Qatar,
where the U.S.
has 10,000 troops.
Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain
and the UAE all broke ties
with the kingdom on Monday and
accused it of supporting
terror groups and Iran.
Jordan scaled back ties today.
Today, Mr. Trump appeared to
endorse the move in a tweet
that said: "Perhaps this will be
the beginning of the end to
the horror of terrorism."
This in contrast to yesterday,
when the White House said the
president wanted to work with
all the parties to
de-escalate the situation.
British police have identified
the third suspect in Saturday's
deadly knife and van attack
in London.
He was 22-year-old Youssef
Zaghba, an Italian national
of Moroccan descent.
All three attackers were
shot dead by police.
Also today, hundreds across the
country gathered for a minute
of silence to remember those
who died or were wounded.
Meanwhile, the mayor of
London, Sadiq Khan, brushed off
criticism from President Trump.
The president has written a
series of tweets ridiculing the
mayor since Saturday's attack.
But, today, Khan said he's
much more concerned about the
invitation extended last year to
Mr. Trump to come
to Great Britain.
SADIQ KHAN, Mayor of London:
I really couldn't be bothered
about what Donald Trump tweets.
I'm not -- I don't how
to tell you this, but
I really don't care.
What's the important issue is
that, you know, Prime Minister
Theresa May offered Donald
Trump a state visit moments
after he was elected president.
I said at the time,
I don't think a state
visit was appropriate,
and my views haven't
changed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The White House
didn't respond directly to Khan.
Instead, a spokesman said
the president appreciates
the queen's invitation.
In France, a man swinging a
hammer attacked police outside
Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris
today.
He allegedly shouted
"This is for Syria" and
struck one officer before
being shot and wounded.
Dozens of police took over the
scene, and blocked at least
600 people from leaving the
cathedral.
They were slowly being
released later in the evening.
There's word that ride-sharing
giant Uber has fired 20 people
after an internal investigation
into sexual harassment
and other complaints.
Various news outlets report
that the moves were announced
today at a staff meeting in
San Francisco.
A law firm investigated more
than 200 allegations of sexual
harassment going back to 2012.
And on Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial average lost
47 points to close at 21136.
The Nasdaq fell 20, and
the S&P 500 dropped six.